Add Annotation Feature (#1858)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/syntax/annotations.md

  <a-point x="25%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  size="60"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Color (default color is green) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  color="red"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Opacity (default opacity is 0.3) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  opacity="0.7"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

**Using trigger for Annotate Point** <br>

Similar to popovers, annotation points also support different types of triggers for users with different needs.

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Chaiwat-Sakul/publication/228949121/figure/fig2/AS:300654661783574@1448693065750/The-previous-square-root-circuit-1.png" width="500">
  <!-- Default Trigger (click)-->
  <a-point x="33%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" />
  <!-- Set Trigger to hover focus -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" trigger="hover focus"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

<br>

**Displaying content as legends in Annotate Point** <br>

> Annotate point also allows users to display its content as a legend below the diagram. However, this only works when a label is provided for the point.

Reviewer: Maybe can also mention that when a `legend` attribute is used, the annotation will not be clickable.

Author: > Is it possible to make the annotation point responsive?

Actually thanks to the help of @jovyntls and her godlike css skillz, it is now responsive, I'm still working on minor bug fixes and documentation cleanups!

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Chaiwat-Sakul/publication/228949121/figure/fig2/AS:300654661783574@1448693065750/The-previous-square-root-circuit-1.png" width="500">
  <!-- Default Legend (popover only)-->
  <a-point x="25%" y="50%" body="There is only text here" label="1"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to bottom only -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="50%" body="Hovering over this does nothing" label="2" legend="bottom"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to both -->

>   <a-point x="75%" y="50%" body="There is text here and when you hover over it" label="3" legend="both"/>

Author: yep, rephrasing this part

</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

<br>

> \***\*`<a-point>` Options\*\***

Author: nice spot

| x         | `String` | `''`      | How to position the x-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.                           |
| y         | `String` | `''`      | How to position the y-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.                           |
| content      | `String` | `''`      | The content to be inserted into the body of the text.<br>The body will be omitted if this is not provided                 |
| header    | `String` | `''`      | The content to be inserted into the header of the text.<br>The header will be omitted if this is not provided             |
| trigger   | `String` | `click`   | How the Popover is triggered.<br>Supports: `click`, `focus`, `hover`, or any space-separated combination of these.        |
| placement | `String` | `top`     | How to position the Popover.<br>Supports: `top`, `left`, `right`, `bottom`.                                               |
| label     | `String` | `''`      | The content to be shown over the point.<br>The label will be omitted if this is not provided                              |

> | size      | `String` | `'40'`    | The size of the point in pixels.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: Since the size of the image is responsive (the width and height changes with the screen size), was wondering if we should support more dynamic sizes like `%` or `vw` as well so that it scales with the screen size. Using pixel will fixed the size of the annotation and it may become too big or too small when the image scales.

If it is too much work to implement this we can consider doing it in a follow-up PR as an extension to this :)

Author: This sounds like a good idea, I can definitely scale it to the size of the image. I will add this feature within this PR.

| color     | `String` | `'green'` | The color of the point.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc... |
| opacity   | `String` | `'0.3'`   | The opacity of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0` to `1`.                                                    |

> | legend     | `String` | `'popover'`      | The presence of a legend to be displayed.<br>Supports: `popover`, `bottom`, `both`.                          |

Author: > * `content` instead of `header` to match the rest of the pop-ups?

Did you mean `content` instead of `body`?

> * The name `legend` feels a little confusing to me (if it's at the bottom, I would call it a legend, but if it's a popover, I would think of it more of an annotation/label/pop-up). Though I'm not sure what would be a better alternative 🤔

Yeah, I also think that there could be a better name. But `legend` is indicative of what it actually is right haha.

> * Regarding the options for `legend`: `bottom` is one of the possible values of `placement`, so we may want to avoid having that as one of the options for `legend`. Maybe `caption` or `footnote` could be used instead of `bottom`? (Or any other suggestions)

Ok, maybe we can go with footnote.

> * We can add an `alt` attribute too for accessibility purposes (to set the `alt` attribute of the `<img>` tag)! Would also allow an alternative text to be shown if the image fails to load for some reason.

alt is actually already supported, will have to add the options for the `<annotate>` class

> | legend     | `String` | `'popover'`      | The presence of a legend to be displayed.<br>Supports: `popover`, `bottom`, `both`.                          |

Reviewer 2: > Yeah, I also think that there could be a better name. But `legend` is indicative of what it actually is right haha.

Ah ok, I just looked up "legend" and realised there are multiple meanings to the term. 
To me `bottom` is a legend, `popover` is a popover/pop-up, and collectively not sure what's the best term to call them.

{% from "userGuide/components/advanced.md" import slot_info_trigger %}

## Annotations

> Annotation components allows you to easily add annotations over any image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Annotation components allow you to easily add annotations over any image.
```

### Introduction

Annotation wrappers (`<annotate>`) are used in conjunction with annotation
points (`<a-point>`).

Annotation wrappers are used to hold the image and set the width and height of
said image.

Annotation points are used to define the position, text and style of each point

> within the image. In use, the annotation points are directly inserted between

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
within the image. Insert them between
```

> the annotate wrappers (`<annotate>...</annotate>`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the annotation wrappers (`<annotate>...</annotate>`).
```

<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="sampleImage">
  <!-- Minimal Point -->
  <a-point x="25%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" />
  <!-- Customize Point Size (default size is 40px) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  size="60"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Header (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  header="Lorem ipsum"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Color (default color is green) -->
  <a-point x="33%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  color="red"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Opacity (default opacity is 0.3) -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  opacity="0.7"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Label (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="25%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" label="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Text Color (default color is black) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  textColor="white" color="black" label="2" opacity="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Font Size (default font size is 14) -->

>   <a-point x="75%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  fontSize="30" label="3"/>

Reviewer 3: For this part, we can consider having some meaningful annotation. For example: put an annotation in a spot where two lines cross: annotate that this is not an intersection. Another example: annotate the and gate and or gate

Author: That might make it harder to locate each point though. The goal here is just to demo how it works and not to show off the functionality, though I am working on a section that is focused on showing the practical aspects.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps the content of some of the points can be the location. E.g. `<a-point x="25%" y="25%" content="point at 25% 25%" />`. With the number of points in this diagram, I was unable to figure out which relates to which line of code, especially since there's no mention of how x, y works before this.

</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

**Using trigger for Annotate Point** <br>

> Similar to **[popovers](popups.md)**, annotation points also support different types of triggers

Reviewer 3: link is broken

for users with different needs.

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="sampleImage">
  <!-- Default Trigger (click)-->
  <a-point x="33%" y="33%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" />
  <!-- Set Trigger to hover focus -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="33%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" trigger="hover focus"/>
  <!-- Set Popover Placement (click)-->
  <a-point x="25%" y="66%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" placement="left"/>
  <a-point x="50%" y="66%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" placement="bottom"/>
  <a-point x="75%" y="66%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" placement="right"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

> <br>

Reviewer 3: I think can remove this br tag and the space

Author: this is done to ensure even spacing between two sections

> **Displaying content as legends in Annotate Point** <br>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Displaying content as legends in Annotate Point**
```

> Annotate point also allows users to display its content inside the popover or as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Annotate point allows users to display its content inside the popover or as
```

a legend below the diagram or both. However, this only works when if a label is
also provided for the point.

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="sampleImage">
  <!-- Default Legend (popover only)-->
  <a-point x="25%" y="50%" content="There is only text when you click me" label="1"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to bottom only (popover is not clickable) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="50%" content="Clicking on this does nothing" label="2" legend="bottom" header="Headers are displayed as well"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to both -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="50%" content="There is text at both locations"  label="3" legend="both" header="Headers are displayed at both positions"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

<br>

> ****`<a-point>` Options****

Reviewer 3: Can consider using a `###`, so that the pageNav is utilized, same for the annotate options. Currently the pageNav is not very meaningful:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41845017/163722078-78821807-6d21-45e7-9ba5-672fc578d190.png)

Author: This style is in line with every other option style so I just followed the existing format

Reviewer 3: In that case perhaps can consider removing the "introduction" title since there is nothing else besides it. Also can consider using a list here for clarity:
So instead of 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41845017/163741552-146527c8-8503-49e2-8177-53a383048154.png)

use

## Annotate
Annotate components allow you to easily annotate over any image.

- `<annotate>`: Annotate wrappers are used to hold the image and set its width and height.
-  `<a-point>`: Annotate points define the position, text and style of each point within the image. Insert them between the Annotate wrappers.

| Name      | Type     | Default     | Description                                                                                                                              |
| --------- | -------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| x         | `String` | `''`        | **This must be specified.**<br>How to position the x-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.           |
| y         | `String` | `''`        | **This must be specified.**<br>How to position the y-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.           |

> | content   | `String` | `''`        | **This must be specified.**<br>The content to be inserted into the body of the text.<br>The body will be omitted if this is not provided |

Reviewer 3: If they have a default known to the user, then it may not be true that "This must be specified"? Especially for `content`

Author: Hmm that's true, they could get away with omitting the content if they wished. Perhaps I should allow it... Any ideas on how to improve this?

Reviewer 3: I think as a user I want to know if it is required or can be omitted totally (by not specifying the attribute), so perhaps can reword to mention whether it's required. Also can consider removing the "How to position" to be more concise

Author: Ok based on the feedback I made x and y have no default value and made content optional!

| placement | `String` | `top`       | How to position the Popover.<br>Supports: `top`, `left`, `right`, `bottom`.                                                              |
| label     | `String` | `''`        | The content to be shown over the point.<br>The label will be omitted if this is not provided                                             |
| size      | `String` | `'40'`      | The size of the point in pixels.                                                                                                         |
| color     | `String` | `'green'`   | The color of the point.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc...                |
| opacity   | `String` | `'0.3'`     | The opacity of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0` to `1`.                                                                   |
| fontSize  | `String` | `'14'`      | The font size of the label.<br>Supports any pixel size smaller than size of the point.                                                   |

> | textColor | `String` | `'black'`   | The color of the label.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc..                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| textColor | `String` | `'black'`   | The color of the label.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc.                  |
```
Same for the table row for color!

| src    | `string`  |         | **This must be specified.**<br>The URL of the image.<br>The URL can be specified as absolute or relative references. More info in: _[Intra-Site Links]({{baseUrl}}/userGuide/formattingContents.html#intraSiteLinks)_ |
| height | `string`  |`''`| The height of the image in pixels.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| width  | `string`  |`''`| The width of the image in pixels.<br>If both width and height are specified, width takes priority over height. It is to maintain the image's aspect ratio.                                                            |
| eager  | `boolean` | false   | The `<pic>` component lazy loads its images by default.<br>If you want to eagerly load the images, simply specify this attribute.                                                                                     |

</div>

<div id="short" class="d-none">

```

> <annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="sampleImage">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="Sample Image">
```
Since `alt` is usually the text displayed when the image fails to render :)

{% from "userGuide/components/advanced.md" import slot_info_trigger %}

## Annotations

> Annotate components allow you to easily annotate over any image.

Reviewer: For consistency with the other components' description.

```suggestion
**An `Annotate` component allows you to easily annotate over any images.**
```

> **An `Annotate` component allows you to easily annotate over any images.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**An `annotate` component allows you to easily annotate over any images.**
```

For consistency with the other subtitles

  <a-point x="25%" y="50%" content="There is only text when you click me" label="1"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to bottom only (popover is not clickable) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="50%" content="Clicking on this does nothing" label="2" legend="bottom" header="Headers are displayed as well"/>
  <!-- Set Legend to both -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="50%" content="There is text at both locations"  label="3" legend="both" header="Headers are displayed at both positions"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

<br>

****`<a-point>` Options****

| Name      | Type     | Default     | Description                                                                                                                              |
| --------- | -------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| x         | `String` |        | **This must be specified.**<br>The x-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.           |
| y         | `String` |        | **This must be specified.**<br>The y-coordinate of the point.<br>Supports range of values from `0%` to `100%`.           |

> | content   | `String` | `''`        | Annotate Point content.<br>The body will be omitted if this is not provided. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| content   | `String` | `''`        | Annotate Point content.<br>The annotation content will be omitted if this is not provided. |
```

> | header    | `String` | `''`        | The content to be inserted into the header of the text.<br>The header will be omitted if this is not provided                            |

Reviewer 3: Do you mean the body/header of the popover? Not sure what the body of the text means here.

| trigger   | `String` | `click`     | Popover trigger type.<br>Supports: `click`, `focus`, `hover`, or any space-separated combination of these.                       |
| placement | `String` | `top`       | Position of the Popover.<br>Supports: `top`, `left`, `right`, `bottom`.                                                              |

> | label     | `String` | `''`        | The content to be shown over the point.<br>The label will be omitted if this is not provided                                             |

Reviewer: Maybe can also include a note to let user know that labels should not be too long to prevent overflow?

> | label     | `String` | `''`        | The content to be shown over the point.<br>The label will be omitted if this is not provided.<br>Note that labels should not be too long as they might overflow out of the point.                                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| label     | `String` | `''`        | The label shown on the point itself.<br>The label will be omitted if this is not provided.<br>Note that labels should not be too long as they might overflow out of the point.                                       |
```

| size      | `String` | `'40'`      | The size of the point in pixels.                                                                                                         |

> | color     | `String` | `'green'`   | The color of the point.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc...                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| color     | `String` | `'green'`   | The color of the point.<br>Supports any color in the CSS color format. E.g. `red`, `#ffffff`, `rgb(66, 135, 245)`, etc.                |
```

  <!-- Minimal Point -->
  <a-point x="25%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" />
  <!-- Customize Point Size (default size is 40px) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  size="60"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Header (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="25%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  header="Lorem ipsum"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Color (default color is green) -->
  <a-point x="33%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  color="red"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Opacity (default opacity is 0.3) -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="50%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  opacity="0.7"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Label (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="25%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" label="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Text Color (default color is black) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  textColor="white" color="black" label="2" opacity="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Font Size (default font size is 14) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="75%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"  fontSize="30" label="3"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

**Using triggers for Annotate Point** <br>

> Similar to **[popovers](../components/popups.md)**, Annotate Points also support different types of triggers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similar to **[popovers](../components/popups.md#popovers)**, Annotate Points also support different types of triggers
```

  <a-point x="50%" y="25%" content="This point is 50% from the left and 25% from the top"  size="60"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Header (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="25%" content="This point is 75% from the left and 25% from the top"  header="This has a header"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Color (default color is green) -->
  <a-point x="33%" y="50%" content="This point is 33% from the left and 50% from the top"  color="red"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Opacity (default opacity is 0.3) -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="50%" content="This point is 66% from the left and 50% from the top"  opacity="0.7"/>
  <!-- Customize Point Label (default is empty) -->
  <a-point x="25%" y="75%" content="This point is 25% from the left and 75% from the top" label="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Text Color (default color is black) -->
  <a-point x="50%" y="75%" content="This point is 50% from the left and 75% from the top"  textColor="white" color="black" label="2" opacity="1"/>
  <!-- Customize Font Size (default font size is 14) -->
  <a-point x="75%" y="75%" content="This point is 75% from the left and 75% from the top"  fontSize="30" label="3"/>
</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

> **Using triggers for Annotate Point** <br>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Using triggers and positions for Annotate Point** <br>
```

> Similar to **[popovers](../components/popups.md#popovers)**, Annotate Points also support different types of triggers

Reviewer: Would be good to also mention positioning

```suggestion
Similar to **[popovers](../components/popups.md#popovers)**, Annotate Points also support different types of triggers and positions
```

for users with different needs.

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="Sample Image">
  <!-- Default Trigger (click)-->
  <a-point x="33%" y="33%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" />
  <!-- Set Trigger to hover focus -->
  <a-point x="66%" y="33%" content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet" trigger="hover focus"/>
  <!-- Set Popover Placement (click)-->
  <a-point x="25%" y="66%" content="Popover on the left" placement="left"/>
  <a-point x="50%" y="66%" content="Popover on the bottom" placement="bottom"/>

>   <a-point x="75%" y="66%" content="Popover on the right" placement="right"/>

Reviewer 3: Perhaps can add one example of both placement and trigger being specified, for completeness.

</annotate>
</variable>
</include>

<br>

**Displaying content as legends in Annotate Point**

> Annotate Point allows users to display its content inside the popover or as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<a-point>` allows users to display its content inside a popover or as
```

> `<a-point>` allows users to display its content inside a popover or as
> a legend below the diagram or both. However, this only works if a label is
> provided for the point.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`<a-point>` allows users to display its content !!inside a popover!! or !!as a legend below the diagram!! or !!both!!. However, a label must be provided for the point in order to display the content in both areas.
```

I think the "this" part is a bit confusing as to what it is referring to. I tried to reword it as above, but feel free to adjust as well.

> also provided for the point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided for the point.
```

<include src="codeAndOutput.md" boilerplate >
<variable name="highlightStyle">html</variable>
<variable name="code">

<annotate src="../../images/annotateSampleImage.png" width="500" alt="Sample Image">
  <!-- Default Legend (popover only)-->
  <a-point x="25%" y="50%" content="There is only text when you click me" label="1"/>

>   <!-- Set Legend to bottom only (popover is not clickable) -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <!-- Set Legend to bottom only (no popover) -->
```
